# GoogleCloudConfigureAuthRequest


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**credentials** | **str** | Google credentials JSON that Vault will use to verify users against GCP APIs. If not specified, will use application default credentials | [optional] 
**custom_endpoint** | **object** | Specifies overrides for various Google API Service Endpoints used in requests. | [optional] 
**gce_alias** | **str** | Indicates what value to use when generating an alias for GCE authentications. | [optional] [default to 'role_id']
**gce_metadata** | **List[str]** | The metadata to include on the aliases and audit logs generated by this plugin. When set to &#39;default&#39;, includes: instance_creation_timestamp, instance_id, instance_name, project_id, project_number, role, service_account_id, service_account_email, zone. Not editing this field means the &#39;default&#39; fields are included. Explicitly setting this field to empty overrides the &#39;default&#39; and means no metadata will be included. If not using &#39;default&#39;, explicit fields must be sent like: &#39;field1,field2&#39;. | [optional] [default to ["default"]]
**google_certs_endpoint** | **str** | Deprecated. This field does nothing and be removed in a future release | [optional] 
**iam_alias** | **str** | Indicates what value to use when generating an alias for IAM authentications. | [optional] [default to 'role_id']
**iam_metadata** | **List[str]** | The metadata to include on the aliases and audit logs generated by this plugin. When set to &#39;default&#39;, includes: project_id, role, service_account_id, service_account_email. Not editing this field means the &#39;default&#39; fields are included. Explicitly setting this field to empty overrides the &#39;default&#39; and means no metadata will be included. If not using &#39;default&#39;, explicit fields must be sent like: &#39;field1,field2&#39;. | [optional] [default to ["default"]]

## Example

```python
from ahvac.models.google_cloud_configure_auth_request import GoogleCloudConfigureAuthRequest

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of GoogleCloudConfigureAuthRequest from a JSON string
google_cloud_configure_auth_request_instance = GoogleCloudConfigureAuthRequest.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(GoogleCloudConfigureAuthRequest.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
google_cloud_configure_auth_request_dict = google_cloud_configure_auth_request_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of GoogleCloudConfigureAuthRequest from a dict
google_cloud_configure_auth_request_from_dict = GoogleCloudConfigureAuthRequest.from_dict(google_cloud_configure_auth_request_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


