# OktaConfigureRequest


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**api_token** | **str** | Okta API key. | [optional] 
**base_url** | **str** | The base domain to use for the Okta API. When not specified in the configuration, \&quot;okta.com\&quot; is used. | [optional] 
**bypass_okta_mfa** | **bool** | When set true, requests by Okta for a MFA check will be bypassed. This also disallows certain status checks on the account, such as whether the password is expired. | [optional] 
**max_ttl** | **str** | Use \&quot;token_max_ttl\&quot; instead. If this and \&quot;token_max_ttl\&quot; are both specified, only \&quot;token_max_ttl\&quot; will be used. | [optional] 
**org_name** | **str** | Name of the organization to be used in the Okta API. | [optional] 
**organization** | **str** | Use org_name instead. | [optional] 
**production** | **bool** | Use base_url instead. | [optional] 
**token** | **str** | Use api_token instead. | [optional] 
**token_bound_cidrs** | **List[str]** | Comma separated string or JSON list of CIDR blocks. If set, specifies the blocks of IP addresses which are allowed to use the generated token. | [optional] 
**token_explicit_max_ttl** | **str** | If set, tokens created via this role carry an explicit maximum TTL. During renewal, the current maximum TTL values of the role and the mount are not checked for changes, and any updates to these values will have no effect on the token being renewed. | [optional] 
**token_max_ttl** | **str** | The maximum lifetime of the generated token | [optional] 
**token_no_default_policy** | **bool** | If true, the &#39;default&#39; policy will not automatically be added to generated tokens | [optional] 
**token_num_uses** | **int** | The maximum number of times a token may be used, a value of zero means unlimited | [optional] 
**token_period** | **str** | If set, tokens created via this role will have no max lifetime; instead, their renewal period will be fixed to this value. This takes an integer number of seconds, or a string duration (e.g. \&quot;24h\&quot;). | [optional] 
**token_policies** | **List[str]** | Comma-separated list of policies. This will apply to all tokens generated by this auth method, in addition to any configured for specific users/groups. | [optional] 
**token_ttl** | **str** | The initial ttl of the token to generate | [optional] 
**token_type** | **str** | The type of token to generate, service or batch | [optional] [default to 'default-service']
**ttl** | **str** | Use \&quot;token_ttl\&quot; instead. If this and \&quot;token_ttl\&quot; are both specified, only \&quot;token_ttl\&quot; will be used. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from ahvac.models.okta_configure_request import OktaConfigureRequest

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of OktaConfigureRequest from a JSON string
okta_configure_request_instance = OktaConfigureRequest.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(OktaConfigureRequest.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
okta_configure_request_dict = okta_configure_request_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of OktaConfigureRequest from a dict
okta_configure_request_from_dict = OktaConfigureRequest.from_dict(okta_configure_request_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


