# TotpCreateKeyRequest


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**account_name** | **str** | The name of the account associated with the key. Required if generate is true. | [optional] 
**algorithm** | **str** | The hashing algorithm used to generate the TOTP token. Options include SHA1, SHA256 and SHA512. | [optional] [default to 'SHA1']
**digits** | **int** | The number of digits in the generated TOTP token. This value can either be 6 or 8. | [optional] [default to 6]
**exported** | **bool** | Determines if a QR code and url are returned upon generating a key. Only used if generate is true. | [optional] [default to True]
**generate** | **bool** | Determines if a key should be generated by Vault or if a key is being passed from another service. | [optional] [default to False]
**issuer** | **str** | The name of the key&#39;s issuing organization. Required if generate is true. | [optional] 
**key** | **str** | The shared master key used to generate a TOTP token. Only used if generate is false. | [optional] 
**key_size** | **int** | Determines the size in bytes of the generated key. Only used if generate is true. | [optional] [default to 20]
**period** | **str** | The length of time used to generate a counter for the TOTP token calculation. | [optional] [default to '30']
**qr_size** | **int** | The pixel size of the generated square QR code. Only used if generate is true and exported is true. If this value is 0, a QR code will not be returned. | [optional] [default to 200]
**skew** | **int** | The number of delay periods that are allowed when validating a TOTP token. This value can either be 0 or 1. Only used if generate is true. | [optional] [default to 1]
**url** | **str** | A TOTP url string containing all of the parameters for key setup. Only used if generate is false. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from ahvac.models.totp_create_key_request import TotpCreateKeyRequest

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of TotpCreateKeyRequest from a JSON string
totp_create_key_request_instance = TotpCreateKeyRequest.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(TotpCreateKeyRequest.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
totp_create_key_request_dict = totp_create_key_request_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of TotpCreateKeyRequest from a dict
totp_create_key_request_from_dict = TotpCreateKeyRequest.from_dict(totp_create_key_request_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


